assignment02_linear_regression_project_classification_tree/README.md, before:

# Linear Regression Project & Classification Tree Homework

Team 12 Members:

- [Alicia Luna](https://github.com/aluna4)
- [Derek Dilger](https://github.com/derekdilger)
- [Gary Young](https://github.com/garyyoungcsc)
- [Ian Schultz](https://github.com/Ian-Sanity)
- [Jesus Cervantes](https://github.com/Jescer3)
- [Matthew Mendoza](https://github.com/matt2ology)
- [Thomas Jaramillo-Ochoa](https://github.com/tjaramillo452329)
- [Yunjeong Lee](https://github.com/yunjeongiya)

See to first the items below

- [Linear Regression Project and Classification Tree Homework](linear_regression_project_and_classification_tree_homework.md)
  - [PDF Version: Linear Regression Project and Classification Tree Homework](linear_regression_project_and_classification_tree_homework.pdf)

## Part A - Linear and multi-linear regression

If a previous dataset is not suitable for regression, you may use a different
dataset of your own choice or add a new X or Y column of numerical data type as
needed to your previous dataset creatively!

## B. Regression and Classification

Part B (1) - Linear and multi-linear regression on given dataset

Part B (2) - Classification on given dataset

[Admission Dataset Description](admission_dataset_description.pdf)
[Dataset for Assignment: Admission Predict Ver1.1 Small Data Set For Linear Regression](data/admission_predict_ver1.1_small_data_set_for_linear_regression.csv)

## C. Classification Tree Homework

Part C (1) - ID3 entropy problem

Part C (2) - Answer questions in Part C of assignment

[Entropy_ID3_Exercise](Entropy_ID3_Exercise.pdf)

Commit message:

Added note of where covid data can be found

assignment02_linear_regression_project_classification_tree/README.md, after:

# Linear Regression Project & Classification Tree Homework

Team 12 Members:

- [Alicia Luna](https://github.com/aluna4)
- [Derek Dilger](https://github.com/derekdilger)
- [Gary Young](https://github.com/garyyoungcsc)
- [Ian Schultz](https://github.com/Ian-Sanity)
- [Jesus Cervantes](https://github.com/Jescer3)
- [Matthew Mendoza](https://github.com/matt2ology)
- [Thomas Jaramillo-Ochoa](https://github.com/tjaramillo452329)
- [Yunjeong Lee](https://github.com/yunjeongiya)

See to first the items below

- [Linear Regression Project and Classification Tree Homework](linear_regression_project_and_classification_tree_homework.md)
  - [PDF Version: Linear Regression Project and Classification Tree Homework](linear_regression_project_and_classification_tree_homework.pdf)

## Part A - Linear and multi-linear regression

If a previous dataset is not suitable for regression, you may use a different
dataset of your own choice or add a new X or Y column of numerical data type as
needed to your previous dataset creatively!

- [AWS Big Data Blog: A public data lake for analysis of COVID-19 data](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/big-data/a-public-data-lake-for-analysis-of-covid-19-data/)
  - [COVID-19 S3 data browser](https://covid19-lake.s3.us-east-2.amazonaws.com/databrowser.html)

## B. Regression and Classification

Part B (1) - Linear and multi-linear regression on given dataset

Part B (2) - Classification on given dataset

[Admission Dataset Description](admission_dataset_description.pdf)
[Dataset for Assignment: Admission Predict Ver1.1 Small Data Set For Linear Regression](data/admission_predict_ver1.1_small_data_set_for_linear_regression.csv)

## C. Classification Tree Homework

Part C (1) - ID3 entropy problem

Part C (2) - Answer questions in Part C of assignment

[Entropy_ID3_Exercise](Entropy_ID3_Exercise.pdf)
